Add skeleton ideas for tutorials (#20)
open-education-hub/methodology: description.md

### Tutorials

Tutorials are pieces of content directed toward the reproduction or verification of a practical result.

> Tutorials are step-by-step presentations of a topic, and are supposed to be read by participants individually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tutorials are step-by-step presentations of a topic, and are supposed to be carried out by participants individually.
```
or "read and performed", so as to say they're not only about reading.

Reviewer 2: From our experience, tutorials should focus on the steps and not on their results to incentivize students to run examples themselves.

Author: @Alex-deVis , you're right, I will rephrase accordingly.

They can be used as part of a practical session, with assistance provided to further explaining certain items, or as unassisted self-study.

Tutorials consist of:

> - text: created following the contents of the [`Reading` section](#reading)
> - media: created following the contents of the [`Media` section](#section)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- text: created following the contents of the ["Reading" section](#reading)
- media: created following the contents of the ["Media" section](#media)
```
We usually only use backticks for code and technical terms.

> - practice files: source code, diagrams or any digital information to be used by participants

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- practice files: source code, diagrams or any other file type that is to be modified by participants as part of the  tutorial activity
```

Reviewer 3: I think the above clarification is needed as to not confuse practice files with media or drills.

Author: Agreed.

A participant would read the text, view media files and use (hands-on) practice files to get to a practical result.

> The tutorial presents content orderly, with the participant following instructions step-by-step.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The tutorial presents a step by step guide to achieve a particular result.
```

TODO: sample tutorials

#### Tutorial Directory

- contents.md
- media/

> - support/ - source code, diagram, digital support files

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- support/ - files to be used when doing the tutorial: source code, diagram, digital support file
```

Reviewer 3: Also, you are calling the directory support but in the taxonomy above you call this category "practice files". Choose one and stick to it.

### Tutorials

Tutorials are pieces of content aimed at walking the participant through a succession of steps that are commonly used in practice.
Tutorial steps are supposed to be carried out by participants individually.
They can be used as part of a practical session, with assistance provided to further explaining certain items, or as unassisted self-study.
At the end of the tutorial, participants will be able replicate the results, and, while doing so, gain the basic practical skills related to the topic.
These skills are to be improved by subsequent practical activities, such as ["Drills"](#drills) or ["Projects"](#projects).

> When compared to drills or projects, tutorials tend to be less engaging for participants:
> participants are advised to follow a set of predefined steps, and there is no challenge in finding a solution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When compared to drills or projects, tutorials tend to be less engaging for participants: participants are advised to follow a set of predefined steps, and there is no challenge in finding a solution.
```
I suggest we do not leave a blank line after **:**.

> Because of that, in actual activities, such as ["Practical Sessions"](#practical-sessions), tutorials are to be blended with the more engaging content items such as ["Quizzes"](#quizzes) and ["Drills"](#drills).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because of that, in actual activities, such as ["Practical Sessions"](#practical-sessions), tutorials are to be blended with more engaging content items such as ["Quizzes"](#quizzes) and ["Drills"](#drills).
```

Tutorials consist of:

- text: created by following the guidelines in the ["Reading" section](#reading)
- media: created by following the guidelines in the ["Media" section](#section)

> - support files: source code, skeleton files, application support files and, generally, files that are to be used by participants as part of the tutorial activity

Reviewer: Maybe you can add these details directly into the `Tutorial Directory` below. The same my go for the Demos PR: #23.

A participant would read the text, view media files and use (hands-on) practice files to get to a practical result.
The tutorial presents a step-by-step guide to achieving a particular result.

TODO: sample tutorials

#### Tutorial Directory

> - contents.md

Author: @Alex-deVis , agree, this is skeleton.

- media/

> - support/ - source code, skeleton files, application support files and, generally, files that are to be used by participants as part of the tutorial activity

Reviewer 2: This is repeated.

> - contents.md
> - media/
> - support/ - source code, skeleton files, application support files and, generally, files that are to be used by participants as part of the tutorial activity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `contents.md`
- `media/`
- `support/` - source code, skeleton files, application support files and, generally, files that are to be used by participants as part of the tutorial activity
```

#### Tutorial Contents

Expected contents

Best practices

Start with the goals, present the expected outcome first

Present the resources

> Do it step by step, make it digestable

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Do it step by step, make it digestible
```
